README.md, before:

# Ilios Common Code [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/75f80285-ab18-4556-8640-dcd47dbe1f9b/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/ilios-common/deploys)

## Shared code repository for:

- [Ilios Frontend](https://github.com/ilios/common)
- [Ilios LTI App](https://github.com/ilios/lti-app)

Compatibility
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Ember.js v3.28 or above
* Ember CLI v3.28 or above
* Node.js v14 or above

Open Source Heroes
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Every day these for-profit companies make developing Ilios possible.  Without the free tier of service they offer to
open source software, ilios would be nowhere, so if you have a chance to pay them for something please do.

- [GitHub](https://github.com)
- [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/)  
- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/for/open-source/)
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com)
- [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com)

Contributing
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for details.

License
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Add issue reporting info to the readme

README.md, after:

# Ilios Common Code [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/75f80285-ab18-4556-8640-dcd47dbe1f9b/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/ilios-common/deploys)

## Shared code repository for:

- [Ilios Frontend](https://github.com/ilios/common)
- [Ilios LTI App](https://github.com/ilios/lti-app)

## Reporting Issue

All Ilios issues should be reported to our [common issue tracker](https://github.com/ilios/ilios/issues)

Compatibility
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Ember.js v3.28 or above
* Ember CLI v3.28 or above
* Node.js v14 or above

Open Source Heroes
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Every day these for-profit companies make developing Ilios possible.  Without the free tier of service they offer to
open source software, ilios would be nowhere, so if you have a chance to pay them for something please do.

- [GitHub](https://github.com)
- [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/)  
- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/for/open-source/)
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com)
- [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com)

Contributing
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for details.

License
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).
